# Generate (poorly and disorganized) information about the SBC and beecrowd math questions

This repo contains scripts that generates information about the contests SBC and beecrowd questions. The information is generated by scraping the websites of the contests and the questions, then asking chatgpt for the tags for each problem.

## general methodology

The general prompt for chatgpt was:

```text
Dado 25 problemas de programação competitiva em um arquivo md, separado por `# problema [id]`, 

Gere um arquivo CSV no formato `id_problema, tag` onde  id_problema representa a identificação do problema e tag são os tópicos de algoritmos necessários para resolvê-lo. Separe as tags por espaços. Considere que todos os problemas são de matemática, o interesse é em qual subtópico é cada questão. Use um conjunto de tags relevante para cada problema.
```

### SBC

For SBC, the information was generated by downloading each warmup and contests, its pdfs can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RcA9oFS7aMriWPJojyYVnOEqweCkEIaR?usp=sharing), and the resulting csv  is `sbc_problems_with_tags.csv`.

### beecrowd

For beecrowd:

1. `get_problems_html_list.py` passes through the problems list of each page, and generates the `beecrowd_problems.csv` file which contains `id_number`,`question_string`,`solved_int`,`level_int`,`question_link` columns.
2. Then `get_html_for_each_problem.py` uses the `beecrowd_problems.csv` file to download the html of each question and save it in the `questions_html/` folder.
3. Then `html_to_md.py` converts the html files to md files, and saves it in the `questions_md/` folder.
4. Then `gen_md_file.py` uses the `questions_html` folder to generate md files for sending into chatgpt. It needs to be separated because of the token size limit of the chatgpt.
5. Finally, get the results generated by chatgpt and save it in the `beecrowd_problems_with_tags.csv` folder.
