# Problem 1400

Descrição
----------

There are n people standing in a line, playing a famous game called "counting". When the game begins, the leftmost person says "1" loudly, then the second person (people are numbered 1 to n from left to right) says "2" loudly. This is followed by the 3rd person saying "3" and the 4th person say "4", and so on. When the n-th person (i.e. the rightmost person) said "n" loudly, the next turn goes to his immediate left person (i.e. the (n - 1)-th person), who should say "n + 1" loudly, then the (n - 2)-th person should say "n + 2" loudly. After the leftmost person spoke again, the counting goes right again. There is a catch, though (otherwise, the game would be very boring!): if a person should say a number who is a multiple of 7, or its decimal representation contains the digit 7, he should clap instead! The following tables shows us the counting process for n = 4 ('X' represents a clap). When the 3rd person claps for the 4th time, he's actually counting 35.

| Person | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 3 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Action | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | X | 8 | 9 |
| Person | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 3 | 2 |
| Action | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | X | 15 | 16 | X | 18 |
| Person | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 3 |
| Action | 19 | 20 | X | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | X |
| Person | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 3 | 2 |
| Action | X | 29 | 30 | 31 | 32 | 33 | 34 | X | 36 |

Given n, m and k, your task is to find out, when the m-th person claps for the k-th time, what is the actual number being counted.

Input
-----

There will be at most 100 test cases in the input. Each test case contains three integers **n**, **m** and **k** ( 2 â‰¤ **n** â‰¤ 100, 1 â‰¤ **m** â‰¤ **n**, 1 â‰¤ **k** 100) in a single line. The last test case is followed by a line with **n** = **m** = **k** = 0, which should not be processed.

Output
------

For each line, print the actual number being counted, when the **m**-th person claps for the **k**-th time. If this can never happen, print '-1'.


| Sample Input | Sample Output |
| --- | --- |
| 4 3 1 4 3 2 4 3 3 4 3 4 0 0 0 | 17 21 27 35 |

The Seventh Hunan Collegiate Programming Contest. Special Thanks: Yiming Li & Jane Alam Jan. I/O by UOJ.

