# Problem 2735

Descrição
----------

Nina got **N** distinctnumbers from 0 to N-1 for Christmas. She realized that those numbers can be used to form a permutation: an array of size **N** in which all numbers from 0 to N-1 appears once. She then remembered that she had kept a very special permutation of size **N**in her drawer, and she could use it to play with her new blocks. She came up with the following game:

At day 0, she will arrange the numbers in such a way that 0 is the fist one, 1 the second, and so on, until **N-1**, forming the array  **V0**. At day x, she will arrange the numbers to form the array **Vx**, in which **Vx[ i ] = Vx-1[ P [ i ] ]**, P being Nina's special permutation.

Her sister Nani got really jealous and decided to question Nina's knowledge about her permutation with questions of the following type: given two numbers **J** e **K**, what is the smallest number **Y**such that **VY [ ( J + K ) % N ] = J**?

Help Nina with her sister's questions.

Input
-----

The first line of input contains the number **t**(**t**=10) of test cases.

Each case starts with a line containing a number **N**(0<=**N**<=105): the number of blocks Nina got for Christmas. **N**distinct integers ranging from 0 to N-1 follow.

The next line will contain an integer **Q** (1<=**Q**<=105): the number of questions Nani will ask, followed by **Q** lines, each containing two integers **J** and **K**(0<=**J,K**<**N**).

Output
------

For each question, print the answer. If it does not exist, print -1.


| Input Sample | Output Sample |
| --- | --- |
| 1  5  2 0 1 4 3  3  0 2  2 0  2 1 | 2  0  -1 |

Made By Women Contest 2018

