# Problem 2981

Descrição
----------

Earlier this year the Federal Government announced a budget blockade of several Federal Universities across the country and many of them have said they are unable to maintain activities by the end of the second semester of 2019. UFSC, for example, will only have resources to work until mid-October, but it is not known exactly when it will close.

Today, September 20, the financial sector has released the cash available amount and the daily cost estimate to keep the university open. As the university's economic team is busy trying to find solutions to extend the operation of the institution, you have been asked to help by calculating how many more days UFSC will be open and informing when it will close.

UFSC will only remain open as long as there are resources to maintain the university for a full day, when the remaining cash is not enough to cover the short daily, UFSC closes.

Input
-----

The input consists of two integers **C** and **G** (1 < **C**, **G** < 231) representing respectively the cash value that UFSC currently has and the daily expenditure to keep the university open. Today's cost has already been discounted from the cash available.

Output
------

Print, as the example provided, a single line containing the day UFSC will close in case the government does not release the funds.

UFSC closing data is guaranteed to be between September 21st and October 31st.


| Input Samples | Output Samples |
| --- | --- |
| 17088000 712000 | A UFSC fecha dia 15 de outubro. |

| 2850 300 | A UFSC fecha dia 30 de setembro. |

